[KubeRay][Doc] KubeRay doc migration (1/n) (#38647)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/cluster/kubernetes/examples/mobilenet-rayservice.md

(kuberay-mobilenet-rayservice-example)=

# Serve a MobileNet image classifier on Kubernetes

> **Note:** The Python files for the Ray Serve application and its client are in the repository [ray-project/serve_config_examples](https://github.com/ray-project/serve_config_examples).

## Step 1: Create a Kubernetes cluster with Kind.

```sh
kind create cluster --image=kindest/node:v1.23.0
```

## Step 2: Install KubeRay operator

Follow [this document](kuberay-operator-deploy) to install the latest stable KubeRay operator via Helm repository.
Please note that the YAML file in this example uses `serveConfigV2`, which is supported starting from KubeRay v0.6.0.

## Step 3: Install a RayService

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Step 3.1: Download `ray-service.mobilenet.yaml`
```

Author: Unless you feel strongly about dividing it into two sections, I'd rather keep it as it is.

```sh

> # Step 3.1: Download `ray-service.mobilenet.yaml`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> curl -LO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/kuberay/master/ray-operator/config/samples/ray-service.mobilenet.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -LO https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/kuberay/master/ray-operator/config/samples/ray-service.mobilenet.yaml
```
add ```

> # Step 3.2: Create a RayService

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Step 3.2: Create a RayService
```sh
```

kubectl apply -f ray-service.mobilenet.yaml
```

* The [mobilenet.py](https://github.com/ray-project/serve_config_examples/blob/master/mobilenet/mobilenet.py) file requires `tensorflow` as a dependency. Hence, the YAML file uses `rayproject/ray-ml:2.5.0` instead of `rayproject/ray:2.5.0`.
* `python-multipart` is required for the request parsing function `starlette.requests.form()`, so the YAML file includes `python-multipart` in the runtime environment.

> ## Step 4: Forward the port of Serve

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 4: Forward the port for Ray Serve
```

```sh
kubectl port-forward svc/rayservice-mobilenet-serve-svc 8000
```

> Note that the Serve service will be created after the Serve applications are ready and running. This process may take approximately 1 minute after all Pods in the RayCluster are running.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that the Serve service is created after the Ray Serve applications are ready and running. This process may take approximately 1 minute after all Pods in the RayCluster are running.
```

> Note that the Serve service will be created after the Serve applications are ready and running. This process may take approximately 1 minute after all Pods in the RayCluster are running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the Ray Serve service is created after the Ray Serve applications are ready and running. This process may take approximately 1 minute after all Pods in the RayCluster are running.
```

Author: Serve service here refers to Kubernetes service. Using Ray Serve service here may cause users to be confused.

Author: https://github.com/ray-project/ray/pull/38647/files#r1303623134
